hypocritical
his boys' apps are not know
the hypocritical
I'll explain I maybe
with a few examples
to give
what the felt now you say it goes
bad with god it is also that make
video when declarant I stop short
stop being the card dad after 14
minutes the video is on 301 views
get that fixed
many comments within your 400 likes
support
be there but the fuck think it back
to the past months
it goes back less with a short think
the arrival of people you will paul
I don't have time and sometimes I have to watch
am busy that I think why do you have
there now at a time when you look
uncover such a video that you will immediately watch
and you put your homework away
that chicken you your funeral
grandmother
to a your heart hospital how fast that
watch video
then stop pressing your arms
grab your cases he sit in a watch
I don't understand motherfucking there
drove off I get annoyed
being as youtuber
then test video is a test
but I mean it as it goes now
I I will anyway the other things
upload but I can quiel eric
talk let you down
don't look do it now it will cat further
do not remain a nice job
lemme bullshit if you are around other big
youtubers who help nobody away never
*** I help everyone and I get
just bullshit
apart world you buy that scene
often you world that weird even though
with ddg
so before that the skye cabbage and we games
still whatsapp group i trust
everyone from the teleg crew 100% david
lars gijs case ronald they mall
vincent tv timo
just joris who comes close to that trust
david cleverly selects at an age
that older people might be easier
to trust mature people who know
of the hat and the brim
people in your environment are important
with that helps i have a lot of people
helped a number of people who helped
have got
that you think yes that was smart afterwards
we are just human in the community and
the name are the short community
selfish self-centered or people who are in it
your back
yes so to say looks nice
a lot of money on support aid from you
chips that pretend that you already have it
I don't notice much of the support
lately and I also have vanilla
vanilla from those smarties who say
Yes but
from your bike in early far nice or this
and that well
I know someone bullying it myself
about order and I know what I make myself
or cost and effort to do so
and I have you going if something takes longer
are you getting better?
my videos are getting better my
new series 6 typhus is the sixty
genius
may it say if your own video is yes and
if you don't like it anymore
if she fails coached
that something with on the neck makes sense if you do it
likes to pewdiepie it so
even though he plays and of one
ambulance game I like with him
and I want to go there again I stay
could do
I keep a good precious can
and kiah you talk to the rest
no noise
so good test of it is the outside
this video and maybe you will come
I was able to see from reactions who did
and can't trust it can be
skype twitter under the video
I became wiser through this test
that done
it was because of the cherries
I am changing to be back in the closet
you can sit on you
how can a video that you say i tell you
then stops being so popular from likes
views
reactions everything how is that possible and the rest
of your videos
but then the snow turns beneath it
are gone
King does not have road parentheses
we are very king in terms of brochure
death
faq
the cake
seventies
further and
l
the forest